# Task_manager-version-2
This is similar to the previous task_manage program, but there are additions to it. The choices given to the user or admin are now coded as functions in the code to improve the modularity of the code. In the view mine choice the user can now edit the task from not complete to complete, they can change the user assigned to the task or they can change the date the task is due. The user can only edit the task if it has not been set to complete. a generate reports option has been added to the menu. The generate report option has two text files it outputs data to. The task_overview text file contains the total number of tasks, The total number of completed tasks, the total number of uncompleted tasks, the total of uncomplete tasks that are overdue, the percentage of tasks uncompleted and the percentage of tasks that are overdue. The user_overview text file will contain, the total number of users, the total number of tasks. For each user the user_overview text file will contain, the number of tasks assigned to that user, what percentage of the total number of tasks have been assigned to that user, what percentage of tasks assigned to that user are complete, what percentage of tasks assigned to that user are still to be complete and what percentage of tasks assigned to that user are not complete and are overdue. The statistics option for the administrator has been changed to display on the screen the data in the task_overview text file and the user_overview text file. 

This task_manager program is for users who want more information on the tasks assigned to the users.

The goal of this program is to make the code more modular and to allow the user to apply more changes to the tasks assigned to the users.

This code was written by Alasdair Keen
